Docs: Align with react docs server functions (#79442)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/01-getting-started/10-updating-data.mdx

You can update data in Next.js using React's [Server Functions](https://react.dev/reference/rsc/server-functions). This page will go through how you can [create](#creating-server-functions) and [invoke](#invoking-server-functions) Server Functions.

## Server Functions

A Server Function is an asynchronous function that is executed on the server. Server Functions are inherently asynchronous because they are invoked by the client using a network request. When invoked as part of an `action`, they are also called **Server Actions**.

By convention, an `action` is an asynchronous function passed to `startTransition`. Server Functions are automatically wrapped with `startTransition` when:

- Passed to a `<form>` using the `action` prop,
- Passed to a `<button>` using the `formAction` prop
- Passed to `useActionState`

> > **Good to know**: As of September 2024, the React team started to use the term, Server Functions. Initially these were called Server Actions. For the purposes of this document, when used to mutate server-side data, we use the term Server Action.

Reviewer: We could probably remove this

You can update data in Next.js using React's [Server Functions](https://react.dev/reference/rsc/server-functions). This page will go through how you can [create](#creating-server-functions) and [invoke](#invoking-server-functions) Server Functions.

> ## Server Functions
> 
> A Server Function is an asynchronous function that is executed on the server.
> 
> Server Functions invoked as part of an `action` are Server Actions.
> 
> By convention, an `action` is an asynchronous function passed to `startTransition`.
> 
> Server Functions are automatically wrapped with `startTransition` when:
> 
> - Passed to a `<form>` using the `action` prop,
> - Passed to a `<button>` using the `formAction` prop
> - Passed to `useActionState`
> 
> > **Good to know**: As of September 2024, the React team started to use the term, Server Functions. Initially these were called Server Actions. For the purpose of this document, when used to mutate server side data, we use the term Server Action.
> 
> Server Functions are inherently asynchronous because they are invoked by the client using a network request.
> 

Reviewer 2: Some suggestions, rearranged to talk about how they work first, when they are considered actions, and finally the good to know. 

```suggestion
## Server Functions

A Server Function is an asynchronous function that is executed on the server. Server Functions are inherently asynchronous because they are invoked by the client using a network request.
When invoked as part of an `action`, they are also called **Server Actions**.

By convention, an `action` is an asynchronous function passed to `startTransition`. Server Functions are automatically wrapped with `startTransition` when:

- Passed to a `<form>` using the `action` prop,
- Passed to a `<button>` using the `formAction` prop
- Passed to `useActionState`

> **Good to know**: As of September 2024, the React team started to use the term, Server Functions. Initially these were called Server Actions. For the purposes of this document, when used to mutate server-side data, we use the term Server Action.
```
